We received a copy of an Assignment, effective as of May 1, 2000,  between
Mega Natural Gas Company, L.L.C. ("Mega") and Cross Timbers Oil Company (the
"Cross Timbers") wherein Mega assigned the Transactions outstanding under the
Master Agreement dated February 2, 1999 between ENA and Mega to Cross
Timbers.
1. The Master Agreement between Mega and ENA, dated as of February 2, 1999
(the "Mega Master Agreement") will be inactive.   NO TRADES SHOULD BE DONE
UNDER THIS MASTER AGREEMENT.
2. All trades should be done under the Master Agreement between Cross
Timbers and ENA, dated as of January 1, 1995 (the "Cross Timbers Master
Agreement").
3. We have prepared a Transfer and Termination Agreement between ENA and
Cross Timbers whereby the Transactions under the Mega Master Agreement will
be transferred to the Cross Timbers Master Agreement and the Mega Master
Agreement will be terminated.   This document has been forwarded to Cross
Timbers for execution.  Once this document is executed by Cross Timbers, we
will terminate the Mega Master Agreement.
In connection therewith, Cross Timbers Oil  Company notified us of the
following series of mergers:
1. On May 1, 2000, Spring Resources, Inc., an Oklahoma corporation, and
Mega Natural Gas Company, L.L.C., an Oklahoma limited liability company, were
the owners of certain oil and gas properties (or undivided interests therein)
and contractual obligations (collectively, the &Properties8).
2. On May 1, 2000, pursuant to a Certificate of Merger, each of Spring
Resources, Inc. and Mega Natural Gas Company, L.L.C., was merged into its
parent company, Spring Holding Company, a Delaware corporation.  Pursuant to
the merger, Spring Holding Company became the sole owner of the Properties.
3. On May 10, 2000, pursuant to a Certificate of Merger, Spring Holding
Company was merged into its parent company, Redwine Holdings LLC, a Delaware
limited liability company.  Pursuant to the merger Redwine Holdings LLC
became the sole owner of the Properties.
4. On May 10, 2000, pursuant to a Certificate of Merger, Redwine Holdings
LLC was merged into its parent company, Cross Timbers Oil Company, a a
Delaware corporation.  Pursuant to the merger, Cross Timbers Oil Company
became the sole owner of the Properties.
5. After the mergers described above, Cross Timbers Oil Company is the sole
owner of the Properties formerly owned by Spring Resources, Inc. and Mega
Natural Gas Company, L.L.C.
Copies of the documents will be distributed.

