Below pls find a revised version of the MOU comments I circulated this morning.  This draft incorporates Bob Hill's suggestion of a new "non-developing party" concept.  The MOU as a whole will need some modifications to allow Bob's concept to fit, and I haven't attempted a complete redline yet (for example, the discussion of waiver of claims in Sec. 1 and Sec. 3 will need to be modified to reflect the non-developing party idea.)   On Mary Kay's suggested addition in Sec. 8 of a reference to any withdrawn partner claims that aren't waived, I think we should leave that out of the Sec. 8 comments for now.  The overall structure Foothills has created assumes that all withdrawn partners will rejoin and waive the AFUDC/interest part of their claims.  If any of those entities refuse to rejoin, the "meatball" will not be eliminated and the MOU approach will have to be significantly revised.  Eric, you ought to address that issue by putting a sentence in your email transmitting our comments to Foothills that reiterates that it is our assumption that all withdrawn partners will agree to the proposed deal else all bets are off.  Eric and Bob--I'll discuss with you tomorrow morning my thoughts on doing a complete redline.  DF



New Provisions:
In Sec. 8, at the end of the current text, delete the period and add:  "provided, however, that a new agreement will not be executed until claims against the Partnership arising under the Design and Engineering Agreement and the TAPS Data License Agreement have been extinguished.  The parties recognize and agree that the substantial delay in construction of the pipeline and changed circumstances since execution of the original Partnership Agreement may warrant use of a substantially different commercial structure for the ANNGTC entity on a going forward basis, such as, without limitation, a general partnership, a limited partnership, a limited liability company, or a stock corporation.

Add a new Sec. 9, entitled "Non-Developing Parties", which shall state as follows:

"The new agreement shall provide that Withdrawn Partners will have the right to rejoin the ANNGTC as a developing party immediately upon execution of the new agreement or to become a non-developing party.  A developing party shall have full voting rights and full financial responsibility during the development phase of the project.  A non-developing party may elect to become a developing party, at the ownership level set out for that party in Table 1 hereof, at a specific time in the future to be determined in the new agreement.  Non-developing parties will agree in the new agreement that their claims under the Partnership Agreement for AFUDC and/or interest on their contingent recievables from ANNGTC shall be waived upon the later to occur of (1) their election to become a developing party or (2) the 91st day after issuance of final, nonappealable regulatory approval for the Alaskan or Canadian portion of ANGTS, whichever comes later."

In new Sec. 10 (formerly Sec. 9), at the end of the current text, add the following:  The parties agree that the development and coordination agreement shall address and resolve to the satisfaction of the ANNGTC partners, the following issues:  (1) downstream rate structure on the  Canadian facilities designed to enhance the economic viability of the ANNGTC facilities, specifically including an allocation mechanism for the Special Charge that prohibits allocation of the Special Charge to gas originating in Alaska ; (2)  nomination, scheduling, and other operational rules and procedures on the Canadian facilities designed to enhance the economic viability of the ANNGTC facilities; (3) operation of gas control and day-to-day operational coordination of the Alaskan and Canadian facilities designed to enhance the economic viability of the ANNGTC facilities.



Conforming Changes:

Sec. 1.  The new language added in the Oct. 19 draft says that "the Partnership Agreement would be amended" to allow assignment of interests to a "controlled, creditworthy affiliate."   At the last meeting in Houston, the consensus was that an entire new agreement would be drafted.  Accordingly, delete the phrase "Partnership Agreement would be amended to" and substitute "new agreement will".  Similar changes need to be made throughout the document.

Sec. 11.  Delete the "at the minimum" clause.

