Connie ---

I haven't written in two days because I've been home sick.  I went to the doc on Monday and they said I had an strepp like infection, so they gave me some antibiotics and other stuff.  But none of it seems to be working yet!  The doctor did chastise me for having run down my immune system making me vulnerable to an infection - and I didn't tell her everything I did!!!  So, I'm officially too old to party non-stop anymore.  I still feel like sh#%, but I figured I'd better come back to work after missing 2+ days (right around PRC time when I'm LOSING money!)  I hope these drugs kick in soon, cuz I want to enjoy the weekend.  Yeah, Dame Edna should be fun - Rafi's going with me, and he doesn't know who she is.

Sunday was the first time I'd seen Greg in months.  He's lost alot of weight.  Since he hasn't been working, he's just been working out all the time...nice work if you can get it.  You know he was part of the Texas Desk that was all being sold off as HPL to AEP.  He didn't want to go to work for them, but had to wait for like 3 months to find out if they were going to make an offer or not.  In the meantime, he was not allowed to trade, so he really just didn't even come in for the last couple of months - but still got paid!!!  Now, he got what he wanted - no offer from AEP, so he's in the "redeployment program" where he tries to find a job w/in Enron for 30 days, then he gets a package if he doesn't.  I don't think he's really gonna be looking for anything within Enron but will try to get Enron to sweeten the pot.  He was funny on Sunday though...he drank a little too much :), and since he didn't have his wallet on him, he kept getting me to buy his drinks!  I spent alot of money that night!!!

Be careful with Angus and chocolate!!!  That's poisonous to dogs!!!   Especially little guys like him.

As for the stock...it just sucks!!!  It just opened barely above the 52 week low....at $51.85 right now.  I don't see any major rebound anytime soon.  Our management must not either, because they've been selling the hell out of their shares!!!

We've had really bad weather here the last few days....tropical storm and a whole lot of rain.  But my yard's green!!!

Julie get's back today from Prague.  I don't know if she got a chance to get in touch w/you while there or not.  I took care of her house and cats for her.  Of course, when I'm at my sickest, the painters set off her alarm and the alarm company calls me to have me go out there and meet the police...who aren't there!!!  I was a little pissed about that - she's constantly having someone set off her alarm, I don't know why she has one.

Anyway...gotta get to trading...if you write back (which you should), write to my scotth1965@hotmail.com account 'cuz I might only be here through lunch

