Louise - thanks for forwarding.  Preliminary response as follows (I will need
to follow up with Sanjev at Slaughter and May who is co-ordinating the
European side):
1.  Regulation
We agree with the analysis. Securities laws will not be relevant.  Insurance
is likey to be the main issue.  If it emerges from our legal review of the
relevant countries that we can avoid the insurance point by making our
contracts look like derivatives (swaps/options) that will determine whether
the CFTC (commodity) regulations will be relevant.  For this reason, it makes
sense to complete the survey before drafting the confirms (which in any event
will be fairly simple). Note, though, that we will not be using ISDA
documentation, since it is unnecessarily complex for the product contemplated
(described below) and using the GTCs approach will tie in more neatly with
OnLine.
Of course we will also need to look at local regulation in each target
jurisdiction.  SFA, for example, are taking an increased interest in the
internet and have recently released a detailed questionnaire which we may
need to complete before launch.
2.  The Product
From my most recent discussions with Bryan, the product will be a simple
Bankruptcy only, digital payout.  That is, if the reference entity goes
bankrupt (probably as defined under the laws of its jurisdiction of
incorporation - local counsel will need to draft in each case) the protection
seller will pay the buyer a fixed, pre-agreed sum of money (not determined by
reference to the value of a bond or anything else).
3.  Bankruptcy
Please see 2 above.  Also note that we are looking for a harder (more
certain) definition of bankruptcy which will be relatively easy to ascertain
in each case.  Early warning type events will probably be out and court based
or other formal proceedings which are readily verifiable will be in. In
practice, this will make it harder for the buyer to claim than under the ISDA
definition (for example) which is a far softer and more sensitive trigger.
4.  Confidentiality
Ken also raised this important point when we spoke yesterday.  There are
issues of confidentiality which will be relevant.  While as a matter of UK
regulation, a Chinese Wall/Restricted List procedure will not be required
(since no securities will be involved), contractual duties of confidentiality
will need to be considered.
The issue is perhaps more a commercial one - We will need to think carefully
about the impact our public betting on the bankruptcy of our counterparties
will or might have on our business relationships with them.
I'll come back with a "legal game plan" once Bryan, Sanjev and I have got
together.
Best regards


Louise Kitchen
11/17/99 10:27 PM
To: Paul Simons/LON/ECT@ECT, John Sherriff/LON/ECT@ECT, Bryan
Seyfried/LON/ECT@ECT
cc: Mark Taylor/HOU/ECT@ECT

Subject: Enron OnLine/Credit Derivatives

FYI

