Hi Mark, I have not met you yet but heard a lot of good things about you.  I
would like to discuss with you and possibly with John Bloomer and Richard
Reichardt about the EBS Research's role in supporting the Storage market
development from the origination and trading perspective.  There are several
people in various groups that are talking about storage but here is what's my
take on our involvement--please correct me or suggest otherwise.

Shalesh Ganjoo is our lead analyst on this effort.  In addition to his effort
with your group, he is presently supporting Jean Mrha with pricing and
standardization for a traded storage maret--Stinson Gibner is directly
supervising him in this effort.

Shalesh came to us through referal from David Cox--David discovered him at
one of his speaking engagements.  Shalesh had talked to David about traded
storage market development some time last October and David refered Shalesh
to Enron Research group. We hired Shalesh for general analyst position and
now he is pulled into all aspect of this storage effort.  Currently, he is
our point person (with Stinson or I supervising his effort) who is supporting
Jean Mrha and you on the subject.  Kara Knop has aproached Shalesh with
request for some support and Shalesh and she are sorting out each other,s
role in this regard.  As per my discussion today with David, we need to
coordinate this storage effort from the perspective of modeling market
assessment etc. For this I suggest Shalesh and his effort so that all parties
involved can benefit from collective effort within one central source.  Based
on David's and my assessment of Shalesh's capabilities, I would like to
suggest that the commercial heads use Shalesh for his creative thinking,
understanding of the market and analytical capabilities and not just for data
gathering and simple research effort. We can add other staff as we see the
need and as you request them.

Please respond this e-mail with your comments if this sounds like aplan, so
that we can support this effort efficiently and in a scalable manner.

Kind Regards,

Ravi.


A bit about EBS Research Group

John Bloomer and Richard Reichardt have met me and are aware of my role and
Stinston Gibner's role in EBS. I lead a team of quantitative professionals
via a group we are calling EBS Research.  This group reports to Stinson
Gibner (VP) and Vince Kaminski (MD and Head of Enron Research).  Stinson and
Vince are the original founders of Enron Corp Research that has been charged
with model development efforts to support Enron Energy trading and other
Enron business.  Enron Research is involved in all aspects of Enron buinesses
(EES, International, Corporate affairs such as FAS 133 and other accounting
and new product (derivatives) development, etc.).

Within EBS Research, there serveral professionals supporting Kevin Howard
(CFO office), John Griebling, Tom Gros and Jean Mrha, David Cox (via Boris),
and the War room.  Our main area of focus is with Jean Mrha (trading) and
John Griebling (optical network design and optimization, etc.).  We play a
key role with John Griebling's go forward network design and implementation
through our responsiblity to provide traffic engineering analysis and
modeling effort.

