This is just a follow up email, because I have not  heard from you. Thank
you for your time that you took to look at  this.

Sincerely,

Gene Robertson

----- Original Message -----
From: Adventure Health  & Fitness
To: kenneth.lay@enron.com
Sent: Friday, August 18, 2000 4:55 AM
Subject: Fw: Adventure Health & Fitness (stadium  investors)

Mr. Lay,

I would like for you to take a look at the  following investment
opportunity. There is a strong focus on youth - I am  not saying that I am
doing something and don't want to make money, but I am  looking to do this
because I thoroughly enjoy fitness and this has been a  dream. I do not plan
to sell it, I have put my signature on it and It is a  part of me. Thank you
in advance for your time - I know that it is  valuable and limited.

I can bring copies of my business plan and give a  presentation including the
income statements and estimated cash flow. But  the attachments give the
general scope of the project. I have an  investment group that want's a
short term investment, and will come to the table  with 13 million, if I can
come up with the other 2 million - in other words,  they said you buy the
land, and we will help you by financing the rest. I  have some LOI's
(Letters Of Intent) written up, but not signed yet. Once I  found some an
investor or partner to buy the land, then I would get all of the  letters
signed. I also have Klien Bank interested in naming the stadium,  and I have
developed a value study for that. Demographics and everything  is set - I
just lack the actual purchase of the land - and I have the location
selected. Originally there was 45 acres, but a developer came and bought  23
of it - 22 acres will allow me 4 fields and a health club - the other 23 was
going to be 6 additional fields. This is in the Champions area, on
Louetta. The ammenities include:

Free  weights       Tanning

Circuit  Training      Massage

Cardiovascular  Equipment    Facials

Aerobics       Juice Bar

Basketball       Pro Shop

Tennis
Physical  Therapy

Racquetball       Cardiac
Rehab

Volleyball  (Indoor & Outdoor)Swimming  Pool

Women,s  Only Workout Area    Large Children,s  Areas

Indoor  Climbing Wall    Running Track
(Inside)

Soccer  Fields (plus Championship  Running Track (Outside)

Stadium)

Hot  Tubs, Steam Rooms, & Sauna,s

Thank  you for your time, and I hope to be able to present my plan to  you.



Gene

