A brief follow-up note about Mitsubishi and the terms of our contract w/
First Gas --  We should all be mindful of the confidentiality provisions in
this contract (see Article 15).
Regards,
Janice
EB3861
Assistant General Counsel, Enron North America Corp.
713-853-1794 (Fax:  713-646-4842)

Britt Davis@ENRON
08/10/2000 04:28 PM

To: Matthias Lee/SIN/ECT@ECT
cc: Janice R Moore/HOU/ECT@ECT, Alan Aronowitz/HOU/ECT@ECT, Harry M
Collins/HOU/ECT@ECT, Richard B Sanders/HOU/ECT@ECT, Michael A
Robison/HOU/ECT@ECT, Deborah Shahmoradi/NA/Enron@Enron, Brenda
McAfee/Corp/Enron@ENRON
Subject: Re: D3605/In re M/V PACIFIC VIRGO

PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL: ATTORNEY-CLIENT COMMUNICATION, ATTORNEY WORK
PRODUCT
Matt,
1. I'm on the same page as Janice with regard to testing, although I'd like
to spin out my thoughts a bit.  In my view, at the end of the day, it is
virtually inevitable that both D3605 with ashing and D3605 without ashing are
going to be used on the critical loadport sample (and, therefore, for the
rest of the samples as well ) at the joint analysis.
Mitsubishi's strategy at the joint analysis will be to get the remaining
loadport sample to come up off-spec on retesting, for obvious reasons.
Prior to the joint analysis, Mitsubishi will be aware that (a) D3605 without
ashing is in the FGH contract and that (b) ECT believes D3605 without ashing
may have a reproducibility issue with this type of product.  Given this, if
ECT proposes to use only D3605 with ashing (our safest bet) on the loadport
sample at the joint analysis, Mitsubishi will smell a rat and insist on D3605
without ashing.   The same would apply, I think, if even if ECT proposed to
use only D3605 without ashing as its sole test at the joint analysis.  The
more different kinds of tests Mitsubishi can forcefully argue should be run,
the more likely it is that one of them will show the loadport sample is
off-spec.  Mitsubishi's goal will be supported by the general practice of the
chemists involved, who will want to rerun every test previously run in order
to get to the bottom of this.
My sense is that it would be very difficult under the circumstances for ECT
to credibly take the position that only one test or the other (D3605 with
ashing or D3605 without ashing) should be run; in fact, in light of what I
believe is virtually inevitable (Mitsubishi insisting on whatever test we
don't propose), and in order to keep from appearing to be overly concerned
about the reproducibility problem, my feeling is that we may want to go ahead
and propose both tests to Mitsubishi (assuming that it is expected that we
would initially propose the proper tests to Mitsubishi, and not the other way
around).
2. Can you let us know exactly who will be doing the hands-on testing of this
product in Singapore?  I know that we nominated SGS Singapore, but does this
necessarily mean that someone from SGS will be doing the actual work, as
opposed to us just using SGS's lab?  As Janice pointed out, we need to make
absolutely sure that (a) the lab is first-class and (b) whoever performs the
test this time is very experienced with D3605 with and without ashing.  Also,
it is my thought that we do not want anyone from SGS there who is aware of
the pre-sale analysis that SGS did of the Elang Crude cargo.  This latter
point, especially, needs to be handled with great care; if there is a need to
communicate with SGS about any of this, I would suggest that you first confer
with David or Neal.
Many thanks for your help.
Britt
Again, many thanks for your help.


