Russell:
Thanks for your message.  I will take a look at the Transfer Agreement.  I
just want to make sure that all trades done after May 3rd and before the
execution date that are being confirmed under ARMS will be transferred to
Utilicorp.  Alos, in order to change our online system, we need to know when
the Utilicorp Master will be the operative document so that on and after such
date, all deals are confirmed under the Master under the Utilicorp name.  Do
you think that it would be better just to change the effective date of the
Master and the Transfer Agreement to the date of Utilicorp's execution of the
Master?


"Martinson, Russell" <RMartins@UtiliCorp.com>
05/16/2000 02:05 PM

To: "'Carol St Clair'" <Carol.St.Clair@enron.com>
cc:
Subject: RE: Utilicorp

Carol, I wasn't able to open the images you attached to your email, but both
the ISDA and the Transfer and Termination Agreement are dated May 3, 2000.
The only possible concern would be those transactions that we are entering
into between May 3 and the day that the UtiliCorp ISDA is executed, at which
time we will actually enter into trades as UtiliCorp.  However, I believe
that we have worded the Transfer and Termination Agreement in such a manner
that, once such document is executed, all trades done as ARM will fall under
the UtiliCorp ISDA, so there shouldn't be any concerns.

I anticipate having the ISDA Transfer and Termination Agreement executed
within the week.  Feel free to let me know if you you have further
questions/concerns.

----------

From:  Carol St Clair[SMTP:Carol.St.Clair@enron.com]
Sent:  Friday, May 12, 2000 5:05 PM
To:  RMartins@utilicorp.com
Subject:  Re: Utilicorp

<<File: pic07880.pcx>><<File: pic20420.pcx>>


Russell:
Please see the e-mails that Susan and I have exchanged.  Since we are
still
confirming deals under ARMS, does the effective date on the Transfer and
Termination Agreement work?  I want to make sure that it covers all trades
that
have been confirmed with ARMS until we start confirming with Utilicorp.
Please
advise.
Carol

Carol St. Clair
EB 3892
713-853-3989 (Phone)
713-646-3393 (Fax)

