Justin:

I apologize for bombarding you with e-mails on this matter.  There is
actually quite a bit of activity around this project this week, and I want to
be sure I keep you up to date on what is going on (and give you an
opportunity to smack me down if I'm headed off in the wrong direction).  I
have spoken to Mark Taylor about this, but I wanted to consult you as well.

The Clickpaper site does not currently have the functionality to display a
Password Application or Electronic Trading Agreement (actually, it is an
"Electronic Transactions Agreement" in Clickpaper) for any jurisdiction other
than US/Canada.  Customers in those jurisdictions will be able to print out a
Password Application and sign and return it, and then "click" through the
Electronic Transactions Agreement, just as they currently do on EnronOnline.

The Pulp and Paper Group has identified several potential customers in non-US
jurisdictions that they would like to "enroll" on Clickpaper as soon as
possible.  Since we will not be able to display jurisdiction-specific
Password Applications or ETAs on the site, we will send to those customers a
jurisdiction-specific Password Application and ETA by courier, both of which
will provide for agreement by manual signatures (the ETA will be revised to
add signature lines and take out references to agreement by "clicking").

Since Clickpaper's North America ETA and Password Application are virtually
identical to those of EOL; It appears that Clickpaper should also be able to
adopt EnronOnline's versions of those agreements for the other jurisdictions
(that is, Clickpaper's "UK" version of these agreements will be similar to
EOL's "UK" Version of those agreements.   Based on that assumption, we are
preparing those documents for delivery to our customers next week, and will
issue passwords upon receipt of executed PWAs and ETAs.  .

Clickpaper should be able to display jurisdiction-specific documents on-line
in the near future, but this will get them started.  Let me know if you have
any thoughts.

Travis McCullough
Enron North America Corp.
1400 Smith Street EB 3817
Houston Texas 77002
Phone:  (713) 853-1575
Fax: (713) 646-3490

