Dude,

Thanks for the long note.  I really like a letter with a bit of substance.
Sorry for the delay.  It took me a while to respond because I have been
buried as usual, and I wanted return the favor.

I know the dreariness of London in the winter.  Poland is similar.  It is
primarily that the skies are grey most of the time from November/December
through March/April/May.  I am currently in my annual desperately waiting
for winter to be over funk which kicks in January/February.  The winter is
not too bad this year and it looks like we may pull out of the dreariness in
April, on the early side.

Kinga and I are fine.  I have got to do something about our status - or she
might do it for me.  We are more actively working on the issues and the
dialogue is pretty good - the Mother in Law topic notwithstanding.  But
generally life is pretty good.

How are your kids doing in the Montessori school?  You got me pretty
interested when we discussed in London.  They are now doing the Montesorri
school in Warsaw.  I heard it is small but becoming of more interest.  Alex
is 16 months old so the time is not too far off when he will be a candidate.
Tell Julie I am looking forward to learning more about it from her.

Did Garibaldi change jobs from Fingers or is the new job Fingers still?
Tell him hello.  My partner Mack Pogue wants to talk to him about working
with Lincoln Property Company.

That is great news for Mark.  Frankly, I was a bit worried that it would
never happen.  He needed a success under his belt and the financing is a big
step,.  The product must still be proven.  But regardless, he did the hard
part.  I saw them at reunion and had a great time.  Although there is never
enough quality time with everyone.

Speaking of reunions, our 20 year high school reunion should be this year.
I will probably go.  I want to see Rambo fat as a pig.  The weird thing
about our 10 year (which was pretty fun) was that the girls which looked
good in high school mostly (except for Lisa and Michele Morris) got fat and
ugly --- and a few sleepers looked really good.  Life is strange.

Sounds like the Tom and Missy saga will continue until something or someone
pops.

Do let me know each time you will be in London.  I have a lot of reasons to
be there and am due for another trip soon.  I had a good time last time and
would do it again.  There is a lot more to do.   Are you going back any time
soon?  Let me know when you are.

I am going to DFW on the 18th for a week.  I am taking our residential sales
team for a week of training with Lincoln's residential team and touring for
sale product.  We are starting our first residential project this month.
Any chance you will be in Fort Worth?

We are coming back in April - the week before Easter.  Kinga and Alex are
not coming this month, but will be coming in April.  We probably won't make
it to Houston, although we are due for a trip there.  I miss Houston.  I
have had several friends in Poland visit there in recent months and it got
me kinda nostalgic.

before Texas in April, we are going skiing in Colorado with Mike Gold, maybe
Gerber and a few other couples hopefully.  We should plan a trip with the
Jacobs, Medary's, Worsheh's, Garibaldi's or whomever..  That trip we tool to
Colorado 4 or 5 years ago was great.  We are there if you guys get one
organized.

Anough for now.  Thanks for the note.  Let me know if you have to return to
London.  Tell Julie, Rob and Tom hello.

dude

