Sally
I will give some deep thought over the weekend in the meantime here are some
current thoughts regarding Brent's trip
First I am hopeful that a letter will go out regarding Brent before his trip
and that it clearly states that Brent will continue to report directly to
you (that sends a powerful message locally and globally) Is that going to
occur?
Assuming the above takes place what is the messaage you (Sally) want Brent
to convey on your behalf at each and every meeting he attends with his and
your people.  Thirdly I would suggest that Brent and Scott not try to hit a
homerun on this first trip. You as well as Brent and Scott do not need to
win the respect of Shankman so I strongly urge consistency, maturity and
incredible listening skills in fully understanding the DEPTH and exact
nature of the problems arising so solutions arise from the strength of the
data surrounding the core issues.

I would prepare Brent with any language you would want him to appropriately
respond to possible questions from Sheriff, Dyson, Jordan or anyone else for
that matter who might want to probe into whether all of operations is going
to roll up under you.

Until you have your meeting with Frevert I would offer that any questions
that may come Brent's or Scott's way simply be diplomatically deferred. Have
them make simple I statements "All I know is that my role here is to....."
I can't speak to what might be happening with other product lines."

I will read closely your notes, please have mary solmonson give you a copy
of Freverts talk at the global systems gathering and see if there are a
couple of connection points for you to gateway your vision for global
consistency to align with his.



1) My (Sally) vision for this looks like this....
2) Why it makes sense to do this now? What's at risk if we don't do this
now? Paint a relistic yet challenging picture in hopes that he asks, Are you
Sally up to the challenge?
3) Others support this as well (Does he care, if so who else?)
4) I want to move forward effective .....Do I have your support

If you have some time on Monday let Patti know and I will give you a call.
Assuming that a letter goes out on Brent will you put a letter out on ENA
Risk, Settlementges, Logistics, other staff changes such as Scribner,
Sheila, Hall, etc. If you do not have the time to write it up let me know
and I can support you with a draft for your modification, however I would
want to talk specifics Monday.

I am very excited for you and the organization and remain hopeful that this
is yet another growth experience preparing you for an even greater role

Regrds

Tom

